Add definition of Omni Layer token (#51)
comit-network/RFCs: RFC-010-SWAP-Omni-Layer.md

# The Omni Layer Token Asset

- RFC-Number: 010
- Status: Draft
- Discussion-issue: -
- Created on: 27 Mar. 2019

## Table of Contents

<!-- toc -->

  * [Description](#description)
  * [The Omni Layer Assets](#the-omni-layer-assets)
    + [`quantity`](#quantity)
    + [`property_id`](#property_id)
  * [Registry extension](#registry-extension)
- [Examples](#examples)

<!-- tocstop -->

## Description

This RFC specifies how Bitcoin based Omni Layer Assets MUST be described in [RFC002](./RFC-002-SWAP.md) SWAP messages.
OmniLayer refers specifically to [Omni Protocol](https://github.com/OmniLayer/spec).
As required by [RFC002](./RFC-002-SWAP.md), this RFC defines the *asset* value `omni_layer`.

> This in combination with subsequent RFCs that define concrete execution steps for particular SWAP protocols enable users to negotiate and execute Omni Layer Token swaps.

Reviewer: I'd prefer we follow the way I did ERC20:
1. Call the file RFC-010-Omni-Layer.md
2. Make the description stand alone without regards to SWAP messages (the asset definition could easily be used outside of SWAP messages). Just mention that:
```
The Asset type header was introduced in [RFC002](./RFC-002-SWAP.md) to describe assets being exchanged in a COMIT SWAP protocol.
```

## The Omni Layer Assets

The Omni Protocol defines several _cryptocurrencies_, also commonly referred as _coins_ or _tokens_.
It also allow the definition of new tokens by the mean of a Bitcoin transaction containing specific data.

This asset MUST be used on the Bitcoin Ledger, as defined in [RFC-004](./RFC-004-SWAP-Bitcoin.md).

> Subsequent RFCs MAY introduce the support of other ledgers for the Omni Layer token Asset.

Reviewer: Omni layer supports other ledgers?

Reviewer 2: Yes, there is an implementation for Litecoin and Thether actually planned moving to Litecoin sometime ago... not sure whether they did it though.

While *Omni* or *OmniCoin* holds a special place among the tokens as being predefined and having special properties in the Omni Protocol, it is not different than other Omni Layer tokens in the context of the COMIT protocol family.

> Each Omni Layer token defines its name.

Reviewer: I don't think this sentence is useful for an implementor. (I know I added it in ERC20 but I don't think it helps in retrospect).

Omni Layer tokens are uniquely identified by a *property id*.
Notable tokens have the following property ids:
- Omni Coin (predefined): `1`
- Test Omni Coin (predefined): `2`
- TetherUS: `31`

For a full list of pre-defined coins refer to [Omni Layer Specs](https://github.com/OmniLayer/spec).
 

> To specify an Omni Layer Token in one of the [RFC002](./RFC-002-SWAP.md) asset headers (`alpha_asset` or `beta_asset`) use the value `omni_layer` with the following parameter:

Reviewer: Make this sentence not reference RFC002 like:
>To describe ERC20 asset in an Asset type header specify `erc20` as the value along with the following parameters:

### `quantity`

The `quantity` parameter describes the quantity of tokens that the asset represents.
The `quantity` parameter is mandatory.

A given Omni Layer token is defined as *divisible* or *indivisible* at creation.
To cater for these two types of token, the [Omni Protocol- Number of coins field](https://github.com/OmniLayer/spec#field-number-of-coins) defines the following behaviour in Omni Layer transactions:
- If the token is **indivisible** then the `quantity` value is the exact number of tokens: `1` represents one token.

> - If the token is **divisible** then the `quantity` value is to be divided by 100,000,000: `100,000,000` represents one token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the token is **divisible** then the `quantity` value represents a hundred millionth of a token: `100,000,000` represents one token.
```
